[ADD] fleet: new configurations doc (#5763)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/fleet/configuration.rst

===================
Fleet configuration

> ===================

Reviewer: What about "configuration" only? it is in the "Fleet" category. But see also my suggestion in the main comment.

Author: Hi @jcs-odoo - I have two documents currently written in github for fleet, and I am working on a third. So ultimately, they will all be nested under 'fleet', so I didn't want to make the default fleet doc be this one. 

I had done the format you suggested for other apps, where main doc I wrote covered 90% of things, but this time I was trying to chop the docs up into smaller digestible pieces, so that's why I tried to make separate docs for different items (addling a  vehicle, configurations, reports, repairs, etc).  If you don't think that's appropriate or a good idea, I can combine all the docs into one, but I was hoping to try and make the docs less overwhelming by having them separated out. Does that sound good?

I also know it means that once one doc is approved and posted, I will need to change the TOC so it looks correct with the newly added docs. I didn't want to wait to have the first doc be posted for review, have it go live, then add the rest, one at a time. That is why there are 2 (with another one on the way) posted now for review.  Sound good?

Reviewer: Hi @larm-odoo 
You're right, it's better to have several pull requests rather than a massive one, at least in this documentation repository. Once the first PR is merged, you'll probably have a conflict on the other ones until you fix the toc tree. So that's fine :)

I agree this content only wouldn't make that much sense for the main page. Now that I see it again, I think my suggestion isn't better. "Configuration" alone is too vague (a bit like "misc." or "advanced"). Maybe "vehicle models and manufacturers"? That would be more representative. It's up to you :) 

Have a good day

The following document goes through all of the configurations and settings for the *Fleet*
application, including settings, manufacturers, models, and categories.

Settings
========

To access the settings menu, go to :menuselection:`Fleet application --> Configuration -->
Settings`. There are only two settings that need configuration, the vehicle contract alert, and
a new vehicle request.

End Date Contract Alert
-----------------------

To help ensure no contracts lapse or vehicles are left without contracted drivers, Odoo has an
alert in place to let the fleet manager and driver know when a contract is abut to expire. Enter
the number of days before a contract is going to expire that an alert email will be sent.

New Vehicle Request
-------------------

Set a limit on how many vehicle are in the fleet by setting a limit on requests. Employees will not
be able to request a new car if there is a specific amount of cars already in the fleet. Enter the
number limit for existing cars in this field.

.. image:: configuration/fleet-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for the Fleet application.

Manufacturers
=============

> Odoo Fleet comes pre-configured with sixty-six commonly used car manufacturers in the database,

Author: If you look in Runbot, one of the manufacturers is for a bicycle, not a car. Then, if you make a DB using 15.0 form scratch, it is just the 66 manufacturers. So the test data in runbot is adding a bicycle which is not the default. This took me a while to figure out in the beginning since I had added in that bike manufacturer at first, but it's misleading in Runbot.

  not configured, type in the manufacturer and then click :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create
  & Edit`.
- :guilabel:`Vehicle Type`: Select the vehicle type from the drop-down menu. The pre-configured
  options are :guilabel:`Car` or :guilabel:`Bike`.
- :guilabel:`Category`: Select the category the vehicle is categorized under from the drop-down
  menu. To create a new category, type in the category and then click :guilabel:`Create
  (new category)`.

.. note::
   When the manufacturer is selected, the logo for the manufacturer will automatically load in the
   image box in the top right corner.

Information tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Model
*****

- :guilabel:`Seats Number`: Enter how many passengers the vehicle can accommodate.
- :guilabel:`Doors Number`: Enter the number of doors the vehicle has.
- :guilabel:`Color`: Enter the color of the vehicle.
- :guilabel:`Model Year`: Enter the year the vehicle was manufactured.
- :guilabel:`Trailer Hitch`: Check this box if the vehicle has a trailer hitch.

Salary
******

- :guilabel:`Can be requested`: Check this box if employees can request this model vehicle.

> - :guilabel:`Catalog Value (VAT Incl.)`: Enter the MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price) for

Author: Great- added!

=============

> Configuration

Author: OK, Sam recommends Configuration menu, so I am going with that =)

=============

The following document goes through all of the configurations and settings for the *Fleet*
application, including settings, manufacturers, models, and categories.

Settings
========

To access the settings menu, go to :menuselection:`Fleet application --> Configuration -->
Settings`. There are only two settings that need configuration, the vehicle contract alert, and
a new vehicle request.

End Date Contract Alert
-----------------------

> To help ensure no contracts lapse or vehicles are left without contracted drivers, Odoo has an
> alert in place to let the person responsible for the vehicle contract know when a contract is abut
> to expire. Enter the number of days before a contract is going to expire that an alert email will be
> sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help ensure no contracts lapse or so no vehicles are left without contracted drivers, Odoo has an
alert in place to let the person responsible for the vehicle contract, know when a contract is about
to expire. Enter the number of days before a contract is going to expire, so that an alert email will be
sent.
```

This paragraph needs to be reworded. Last sentence doesn't make sense and first line is a bit confusing

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: Do you cover this somewhere else?

Author: Not in this doc- but I believe I also explain who the "Responsible" person is in the other doc as well.

   To determine who the responsible person is for a contract, open an individual contract. The
   person listed as :guilabel:`Responsible` under the :guilabel:`Contract Information` section of
   the contract is the person who will receive the alert.

   To access all contracts, navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Contracts` and all
   contracts appear in the list. Click on a :guilabel:`Contract` to view it.

   An individual contract can also be found by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet -->
   Fleet` and clicking on an individual vehicle. On the vehicle form, click the
   :guilabel:`Contracts` smart button at the top of the page. The contract(s) associated with this
   vehicle only appears in the list. Click on an individual contract to open it. The
   :guilabel:`Responsible` person is listed on the contract.

New Vehicle Request
-------------------

> Set a limit on how many vehicle are in the fleet by setting a limit on requests. When using the

Reviewer 2: This is confusing.... the page says: 
`New Vehicle Request
An employee cannot request a new car if there are more than 
1,000
 existing cars availables.`
```suggestion
Set a limit on how many vehicles are in the fleet by setting a limit on requests. When using the
```

Doesn't say limit the fleet size-- but only deter folks from requesting new cars

Author: True- I guess I saw this as a way to limit the size of the fleet, since people would not be able to request new cars if X old cars are already available - but I can see how that is a leap.

> salary configurator, employees will not be able to request a new car if there is a specific amount

Reviewer 2: where does salary configuration come into play here? Where is this?

Author: The option to request a new vehicle is only seen on the salary configurator. This is the only place an employee can request a new vehicle. I checked with Quentin in Belgium on a lot of these items since I wasn't sure about a lot of  these.

> salary configurator, employees will not be able to request a new car if there is a specific amount

Reviewer 2: change amount to number

of available cars already in the fleet that do not have a current driver assigned to them. Enter the
number limit for existing available cars in this field.

.. image:: configuration/fleet-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for the Fleet application.

Manufacturers
=============

Odoo Fleet comes pre-configured with sixty-six commonly used car manufacturers in the database,
along with their logos. To view the pre-loaded manufacturers, go to :menuselection:`Fleet app -->
Configuration --> Manufacturers`.

The list of manufacturers appear in alphabetical order. Each manufacturer's card lists how many
specific models are configured for each particular manufacturer. Odoo comes with forty five

> pre-configured models for four major auto manufacturers.

Reviewer 2: example? you talk numbers twice here and its a little confusing.

Author: I changed "for" to "from" and the manufacturers, so I think it's clearer now. 

Odoo comes with forty five pre-configured models from four major auto manufacturers: Audi, BMW, Mercedes, and Opel.

.. image:: configuration/manufacturer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manufacturer card with the amount of models listed.

Add a manufacturer
------------------

To add a new manufacturer to the database, click :guilabel:`Create`. A manufacturer form will
load. Only two pieces of information are needed, the name of the manufacturer, and the logo. Type

> the name of the manufacturer in the name field, and select an image to upload for the logo. When the

Reviewer 2: name is missing gui label

information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Vehicle Models
==============

> Each manufacturer has a variety of models that they produce. When adding a vehicle to the fleet, it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many manufacturers have a variety of models that they produce. When adding a vehicle to the fleet, it
```

Author: It never occurred to me that there could be a manufacturer with ONE single model =D but I guess it could happen!

> is important to specify the vehicle being added. Odoo comes with pre-configured models for four

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is important to specify the vehicle model being added. Odoo comes with pre-configured models for four
```

manufacturers, so it is likely new models will need to be added to the database to correctly

> configure a fleet of vehicles.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't make sense-- if they come preconfigured why do I have to add them?

Author: I updated this so it's more clear- because there's only models configured for 4 manufacturers-most people (outside of Belgium) will need to add models.

|       |              | Class SLS |               |
+-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+

.. _configuration/add-model:

Add a new model
---------------

New vehicle models can easily be added to the database. To add a new model, navigate to
:menuselection:`Fleet app --> Configuration --> Vehicle Models`. Click :guilabel:`Create` and a
vehicle model form will load. Enter the following information on the form, then click
:guilabel:`Save`. Be advised, some fields are specific to Belgian based companies, so not all fields
or sections may be visible depending on the location of the company.

- :guilabel:`Model name`: Enter the model name in the field.
- :guilabel:`Manufacturer`: Select the manufacturer from the drop-down menu. If the manufacturer is
  not configured, type in the manufacturer and then click :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create
  & Edit`.
- :guilabel:`Vehicle Type`: Select one of two preconfigured vehicle types, either :guilabel:`Car` or
  :guilabel:`Bike`, from the drop-down menu. The vehicle types are hardcoded in Odoo and are
  integrated with the *Payroll* application. Adding additional vehicle types is not possible as it

>   will affect payroll.

Reviewer 2: This makes me want to know why this is? Why is it integrated into payroll?

Author: I added some more text here- vehicles are part of compensation/benefits/etc, so that's why there are parts of fleet that are firmly connected to Payroll.

- :guilabel:`Category`: Select the category the vehicle is categorized under from the drop-down
  menu. To create a new category, type in the category and then click :guilabel:`Create
  (new category)`.

.. note::
   When the manufacturer is selected, the logo for the manufacturer will automatically load in the
   image box in the top right corner.

Information tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Model
*****

- :guilabel:`Seats Number`: Enter how many passengers the vehicle can accommodate.
- :guilabel:`Doors Number`: Enter the number of doors the vehicle has.
- :guilabel:`Color`: Enter the color of the vehicle.
- :guilabel:`Model Year`: Enter the year the vehicle was manufactured.

> - :guilabel:`Trailer Hitch`: Check this box if the vehicle has a trailer hitch.

Reviewer 2: This is covered in the other fleet doc? is this the same info?

Author: This is in the new vehicle doc, yes. I noted on there that I'll let @StraubCreative decide if I should remove that section form that doc, or remove it form here and link to that doc, or keep them in both,

Salary
******

- :guilabel:`Can be requested`: Check this box if employees can request this model vehicle.
- :guilabel:`Catalog Value (VAT Incl.)`: Enter the :abbr:`MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail
  Price)` for the vehicle at the time of purchase or lease.
- :guilabel:`C02 fee`: This value is specific to Belgian based companies only. If logged into a
  Belgian company, this value is automatically calculated based on Belgian laws and regulations, and

>   cannot be modified. The value is based on the value entered in the :guilabel:`CO2 Emissions` field

Reviewer 2: any other European countries?

Reviewer 2: let's test this out or ask an expert-- talking about Belgian based companies so much in your docs makes the software seem like it is just suited for that market, we are worldwide-- and can accommodate lots of different situations. Also this is best suited for a note block or something like that--- important

Author: I did- I asked Quentin abut all of these fields because there was NO way I was able to figure that out myself! =D 

There are unfortunately a bunch of fields that are Belgian-specific or only appear in a Belgian localization. I notice that is the case for a bunch of areas in our HR docs.

Author: I checked again- and the section doesn't even appear for non-Belgian companies So I updated this with an intro sentence.

  in the :guilabel:`Engine` section of the vehicle form. Modifying the :guilabel:`CO2 Emissions`

>   field will adjust the value in the :guilabel:`CO2 fee` field.

Reviewer 2: this should be put in an admonition block

- :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)`: Enter the monthly cost for the vehicle, which appears in the

>   salary configurator. This value impacts the gross and net salary of the employee who is assigned

Reviewer 2: again salary configuration is familiar to you, but I have no idea where this comes from

>   to the vehicle. This figure is depreciated over time.

Reviewer 2: where is it depreciated?

- :guilabel:`Total Cost (Depreciated))`: This value is the :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)` and the
  :guilabel:`C02 fee` fields combined, and also is depreciated over time.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)` does not depreciate automatically on the vehicle model, it

>    only depreciates based on the contract linked to a specific vehicle and not on the general model.

Reviewer 2: these are monthly figures and should be stated as such in bold in the doc

Author: Added this to the top admonition block.

Engine
******

- :guilabel:`Fuel Type`: Select the type of fuel the vehicle uses form the drop-down menu. The
  options are :guilabel:`Diesel`, :guilabel:`Gasoline`, :guilabel:`Hybrid Diesel`, :guilabel:`Hybrid
  Gasoline`, :guilabel:`Plug-in Hybrid Diesel`, :guilabel:`Plug-in Hybrid Gasoline`,
  :guilabel:`CNG`, :guilabel:`LPG`, :guilabel:`Hydrogen`, or :guilabel:`Electric`.

> - :guilabel:`CO2 Emissions`: Enter the carbon dioxide emissions the vehicle produces in grams per

Reviewer 2: again over life per year? average?

Author: it's i grams per kilometer- so it's an average but it's per kilometer (distace) not yearly or monthly (time based). I added it to the second entry to make it more clear.

  kilometer (g/km).
- :guilabel:`CO2 Standard`: Enter the standard amount of carbon dioxide for a similar sized vehicle.
- :guilabel:`Transmission`: Select the transmission type from the drop-down menu, either
  :guilabel:`Manual` or :guilabel:`Automatic`.
- :guilabel:`Power`: If the vehicle is electric or hybrid, enter the power the vehicle uses in
  kilowatts (kW).
- :guilabel:`Horsepower`: Enter the vehicle's horsepower in this field.
- :guilabel:`Horsepower Taxation`: Enter the amount that is taxed based on the size of the vehicles
  engine. This is determined by local taxes and regulations, and varies depending on the location.
  It is recommended to check with the accounting department to ensure this value is correct.
- :guilabel:`Tax Deduction`: This field auto-populates according to the engine specifications, and

>   cannot be modified. The percentage is based on the localization settings and local tax laws.

Reviewer 2: This is a repeat of the other doc. need to differentiate the two I am confused--- which populates which, one can be removed?

Author: These are actually different forms- one is when adding a new vehicle, this is when adding a new model in general. It is really confusing because 80% of the form is identical- BUT the form name is actually different, so it is not the same. It just looks a lot like the other!

Vendors tab
~~~~~~~~~~~

Vendors the vehicle can be purchased from may be added in this tab. To add a vendor, click
:guilabel:`Add`, and a pop-up loads with a list of all the vendors currently in the database. Select
the vendor to add by clicking the checkbox next to the vendor name, then click :guilabel:`Select`.
There is no limit to the number of vendors that can be added to this list.

If a vendor is not in the database, add a vendor by clicking :guilabel:`Create`. A vendor form will
load. Enter the information in the vendor tab, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to add the vendor
and close the window, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add the current vendor and create another new
vendor.

> 

Reviewer 2: where do I go to see a list of all my vendors in fleet?

Author: There isn't a separate list of vehicle vendors- they are the same vendors that you would use in the purchase app. So when you click ADD you see all the vendors in the database, from Azure Interior to BMW of Buffalo. I added a sentence to clarify this- since there is no dedicated vehicle vendor list.

.. image:: configuration/vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Vendor form to fill out when adding a new vendor.

Model Category
==============

To best organize a fleet, it is recommended to have vehicle models housed under a specific category,
to more easily see what kinds of vehicles are in the fleet. Model categories are set on the
:ref:`vehicle model form <configuration/add-model>`.

To view all the models currently set up, navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet application -->
Configuration --> Model Category`. All models are displayed in a list view.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would like to see examples

Author: the last image is the model list- is this what you mean? The examples are bicycle, passenger car, minivan, passenger van, etc. It's just below.

Add a new model category
------------------------

To add a new category, click :guilabel:`Create`. A new entry line appears at the bottom of the list.
Type in the new category, then click :guilabel:`Save` to save the entry.

To reorganize how the categories appear in the list, click on the up and down arrows to the left of
the category to be moved, and drag the line to the desired position.

> 

Reviewer 2: why should I order them?

   To determine who the responsible person is for a contract, open an individual contract. The
   person listed as :guilabel:`Responsible` under the :guilabel:`Contract Information` section of
   the contract is the person who will receive the alert.

   To access all contracts, navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Contracts` and all
   contracts appear in the list. Click on a :guilabel:`Contract` to view it.

   An individual contract can also be found by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet -->
   Fleet` and clicking on an individual vehicle. On the vehicle form, click the
   :guilabel:`Contracts` smart button at the top of the page. The contract(s) associated with this
   vehicle only appears in the list. Click on an individual contract to open it. The
   :guilabel:`Responsible` person is listed on the contract.

New Vehicle Request
-------------------

Set a limit on how many new vehicles are requested by setting a limit on requests based on fleet
availability. When an employee is filling out the salary configurator form (after being offered a
position), employees will *not* be able to request a new car if there is a specific number of cars

> available (vehicles that do not have a current driver assigned to them). Enter the number limit for

Author: More than- I added an example block to make this more clear- as well as updated the text here.

and close the window, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add the current vendor and create another new
vendor.

.. image:: configuration/vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Vendor form to fill out when adding a new vendor.

Model Category
==============

To best organize a fleet, it is recommended to have vehicle models housed under a specific category,
to more easily see what kinds of vehicles are in the fleet. Model categories are set on the
:ref:`vehicle model form <configuration/add-model>`.

To view all the models currently set up, navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet application -->
Configuration --> Model Category`. All models are displayed in a list view.

Add a new model category
------------------------

To add a new category, click :guilabel:`Create`. A new entry line appears at the bottom of the list.
Type in the new category, then click :guilabel:`Save` to save the entry.

To reorganize how the categories appear in the list, click on the up and down arrows to the left of
the category to be moved, and drag the line to the desired position. The order of the list does not
affect the database in any way, however, it could be desired to view the vehicle categories in a

> specific order, for example, by size, or the numbers of passengers the vehicle can carry.

Author: Yes- this isn't a default order, etc. This is just listing the possible models. I just like having things ordered, so if/where you can rearrange things, I tell people they can. I am the crazy person who would order these by seating capacity =D

   :guilabel:`Contracts` smart button at the top of the page. The contract(s) associated with this
   vehicle only appears in the list. Click on an individual contract to open it. The
   :guilabel:`Responsible` person is listed on the contract.

New Vehicle Request
-------------------

Set a limit on how many new vehicles are requested by setting a limit on requests based on fleet
availability. When an employee is filling out the salary configurator form (after being offered a
position), employees will *not* be able to request a new car if there are more than a specific
number of cars available (vehicles that do not have a current driver assigned to them). Enter that
specific number limit for existing available cars in this field.

.. image:: configuration/fleet-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Settings available for the Fleet application.

.. example::
   If the :guilabel:`New Vehicle Request` limit is set to 20 vehicles, and there are 25 vehicles
   available, an employee would not be able to request a new vehicle. If there are only 10 cars
   available, then the employee would be able to request a new vehicle.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _fleet/configuration/manufacturers:

```

Manufacturers
=============

Odoo Fleet comes pre-configured with sixty-six commonly used car manufacturers in the database,
along with their logos. To view the pre-loaded manufacturers, go to :menuselection:`Fleet app -->
Configuration --> Manufacturers`.

The list of manufacturers appear in alphabetical order. Each manufacturer's card lists how many
specific models are configured for each particular manufacturer. Odoo comes with forty five
pre-configured vehicle models from four major auto manufacturers: Audi, BMW, Mercedes, and Opel.

.. image:: configuration/manufacturer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manufacturer card with the amount of models listed.

Add a manufacturer
------------------

To add a new manufacturer to the database, click :guilabel:`Create`. A manufacturer form will
load. Only two pieces of information are needed, the :guilabel:`Name` of the manufacturer, and the
logo. Type the name of the manufacturer in the name field, and select an image to upload for the
logo. When the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Save`.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _fleet/configuration/models:

```

Vehicle Models
==============

Many manufacturers have a variety of models that they produce. When adding a vehicle to the fleet,

> it is important to specify the vehicle model being added. Odoo comes with pre-configured models from
> four manufacturers: Audi, BMW, Mercedes, and Opel. If a vehicle *other* than the pre-configured
> models from these manufacturers are part of a fleet, the model (and/or manufacturer) will need to be
> added to the database.

Reviewer 3: Added Eddy Merckx
```suggestion
it is important to specify the vehicle model being added. Odoo comes with pre-configured models five
major auto manufacturers: Audi, BMW, Eddy Merckx, Mercedes, and Opel. If a vehicle *other* than the
pre-configured models from these manufacturers are part of a fleet, the model (and/or manufacturer)
will need to be added to the database.
```

Author: Eddy Merckx is actually a bicycle manufacturer, and the pre-loaded model is a bike, not a car. I am updating this to show that.

Preconfigured Models
--------------------

The following models are pre-loaded in Odoo and do not need to be added to the database:

> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | AUDI  | BMW          | Mercedes  |     Opel      |
> +=======+==============+===========+===============+
> | A1    | Serie 1      | Class A   | Agilia        |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A3    | Serie 3      | Class B   | Ampera        |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A4    | Serie 5      | Class C   | Antara        |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A5    | Serie 6      | Class CL  | Astra         |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A6    | Serie 7      | Class CLS | AstraGTC      |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A7    | Serie Hybrid | Class E   | Combo Tour    |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | A8    | Serie M      | Class GL  | Corsa         |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | Q3    | Serie X      | Class GLK | Insignia      |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | Q5    | Serie Z4     | Class M   | Meriva        |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> | TT    |              | Class R   | Mokka         |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> |       |              | Class S   | Zafira        |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> |       |              | Class SLK | Zafira Tourer |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+
> |       |              | Class SLS |               |
> +-------+--------------+-----------+---------------+

Reviewer 3: Added Eddy Merckx
```suggestion
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| AUDI  | BMW          | Eddy Merckx | Mercedes  | Opel          |
+=======+==============+=============+===========+===============+
| A1    | Serie 1      | SanRemo76   | Class A   | Agilia        |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A3    | Serie 3      |             | Class B   | Ampera        |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A4    | Serie 5      |             | Class C   | Antara        |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A5    | Serie 6      |             | Class CL  | Astra         |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A6    | Serie 7      |             | Class CLS | AstraGTC      |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A7    | Serie Hybrid |             | Class E   | Combo Tour    |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| A8    | Serie M      |             | Class GL  | Corsa         |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| Q3    | Serie X      |             | Class GLK | Insignia      |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| Q5    | Serie Z4     |             | Class M   | Meriva        |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| Q7    |              |             | Class R   | Mokka         |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
| TT    |              |             | Class S   | Zafira        |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
|       |              |             | Class SLK | Zafira Tourer |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+
|       |              |             | Class SLS |               |
+-------+--------------+-------------+-----------+---------------+

```

.. _fleet/add-model:

Add a new model
---------------

New vehicle models can easily be added to the database. To add a new model, navigate to
:menuselection:`Fleet app --> Configuration --> Vehicle Models`. Click :guilabel:`Create` and a
vehicle model form will load. Enter the following information on the form, then click
:guilabel:`Save`. Be advised, some fields are specific to Belgian based companies, so not all fields
or sections may be visible depending on the location of the company.

- :guilabel:`Model name`: Enter the model name in the field.
- :guilabel:`Manufacturer`: Select the manufacturer from the drop-down menu. If the manufacturer is

>   not configured, type in the manufacturer and then click :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create
>   & Edit`.

Reviewer 3: Early line break
```suggestion
  not configured, type in the manufacturer and then click :guilabel:`Create` or :guilabel:`Create &
  Edit`.
```

- :guilabel:`Vehicle Type`: Select one of two preconfigured vehicle types, either :guilabel:`Car` or
  :guilabel:`Bike`, from the drop-down menu. The vehicle types are hardcoded in Odoo and are
  integrated with the *Payroll* application since vehicles can be part of an employee's benefits.
  Adding additional vehicle types is not possible as it will affect payroll.
- :guilabel:`Category`: Select the category the vehicle is categorized under from the drop-down

>   menu. To create a new category, type in the category and then click :guilabel:`Create
>   (new category)`.

Reviewer 3: Early line break
```suggestion
  menu. To create a new category, type in the category and then click :guilabel:`Create (new
  category)`.
```

- :guilabel:`Can be requested`: Check this box if employees can request this model vehicle.
- :guilabel:`Catalog Value (VAT Incl.)`: Enter the :abbr:`MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail
  Price)` for the vehicle at the time of purchase or lease.
- :guilabel:`C02 fee`: This value is automatically calculated based on Belgian laws and regulations,
  and cannot be modified. The value is based on the value entered in the :guilabel:`CO2 Emissions`
  field in the :guilabel:`Engine` section of the vehicle form.

.. important::
   Modifying the :guilabel:`CO2 Emissions` field will adjust the value in the :guilabel:`CO2 fee`
   field.

- :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)`: Enter the monthly cost for the vehicle, which appears in the
  salary configurator that is available to a future employee when they are offered a job position.
  This value impacts the gross and net salary of the employee who is assigned to the vehicle. This
  figure is depreciated over time according to local tax laws. The :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)`
  does not depreciate automatically on the *vehicle model*, it only depreciates based on the
  *contract* linked to a specific vehicle and not on the general model.

> - :guilabel:`Total Cost (Depreciated))`: This value is the :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)` and the

Reviewer 3: Double closing parenthesis 
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Total Cost (Depreciated)`: This value is the :guilabel:`Cost (Depreciated)` and the
```

  cannot be modified. The percentage is based on the localization settings and local tax laws.

Vendors tab
~~~~~~~~~~~

Vehicle specific vendors, such as car dealerships, are not listed separately from other vendors. The
vendors that a vehicle can be purchased from also appear in the list of vendors used by the
*Purchase* app.

The vendor(s) the vehicle can be purchased from may be added in this tab. To add a vendor, click
:guilabel:`Add`, and a pop-up loads with a list of all the vendors currently in the database. Select
the vendor to add by clicking the checkbox next to the vendor name, then click :guilabel:`Select`.
There is no limit to the number of vendors that can be added to this list.

If a vendor is not in the database, add a vendor by clicking :guilabel:`Create`. A vendor form will
load. Enter the information in the vendor tab, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to add the vendor
and close the window, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to add the current vendor and create another new
vendor.

.. image:: configuration/vendor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Vendor form to fill out when adding a new vendor.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _fleet/configuration/categories:

```

   the contract is the person who will receive the alert.

   To access all contracts, navigate to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet --> Contracts` and all
   contracts appear in the list. Click on a :guilabel:`Contract` to view it.

   An individual contract can also be found by navigating to :menuselection:`Fleet app --> Fleet -->
   Fleet` and clicking on an individual vehicle. On the vehicle form, click the
   :guilabel:`Contracts` smart button at the top of the page. The contract(s) associated with this
   vehicle only appears in the list. Click on an individual contract to open it. The
   :guilabel:`Responsible` person is listed on the contract.

New Vehicle Request
-------------------

The :guilabel:`New Vehicle Request` field sets a limit on how many new vehicles are requested based
on fleet availability. An employee filling out the salary configurator form (after being offered a
position), will *not* be able to request a new car if the number of existing cars is greater than
the number specified in the :guilabel:`New Vehicle Request` field. Enter the specific number limit
for existing available cars in this field.

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra line 🙂
```suggestion
```
